So then you have Lust's one option right here is about look what you see.
This one is the same as the cluster resources department that's right here about 10 years.
Do you see this list that you define it.
Ozdemir and stupid.
Does that satisfy the reservation requirements for any powerit on that machine in the cluster.
So the idea right here is that he will take the big vitrine machine that cost you do most resouce.
So for example if you have a hosts that have a gigabyte or fine 10 we have different virtual machine
inside that host the one that's consumed the big resouce for example of a machine that can stream for
gigabytes offering.
So the slot calculated will be for bytes over time.
Then the you the most that concern to hide Sibiu will be our slot number.
So they will make its own calculation.
Do number of slots for the most big virtual machine thats me.
When he found that Hulst number one example just has to have for virtual machine and one of the virtual
machine thats consumed for about offering the other three Mushin can only do it over.
So do Sloat will be 4G gobshites of frame as you said MMRDA slot size is 1 megabytes and it will be
4 gigabytes of reme so it will make its own question about the slot he would reserve for example to
slot in a host thats me in his situation happened wrong in this host that have the virtual machine thats
consumed parting advice offering it will automatically have a free slot in another host.
Thats me.
Our free resource that's required for you got bytes of RAM.
Minimum in just region he raises our resource that can support the most big virtual machine in the environment.
I mean it is the creation Hoppen rank.
We have the big virtual machine.
We have our space that's counterpart this virtual machine in another horse.
It's Meeke do a calculation about the slot to the cemetery you see the difference that we have.
How much memory you can't customize this one for example 20 etc..
So when you make a calculation he will show you that this machine can't support this lot.
Does one need two slots in what is right here is one it talks a lot.
So it's a little complex in the Star How does slot work you can make a quick search for Google about
two slots and you will get a lot of examples.
You have two types of lots of calculation and you will get our explanation about how the slots be calculated.
But the idea here is about the big virtual machine you know resource use it.
So next we see do performance degradation Virtual Machine Tools see in the next expect.